now you can see the voice too
the reporter
from alex kunz with me your conclusion to the
today's game's outstanding imagination
the fischtown penguin takes it to you
no time of play from the rest
bring in spite of the many
Of course, a shortfall situation
towering 10 villa the runner
a lot of energy on the ice
and of course with one
failed to score 3 1 was rewarded
you as a neutral observer think what
you go there this season then for
fischtown pinguins so if you
play defensively as well as you do today
including a jonas langmann ever
if you come back or not
I'm sure she's defensive well
of course are not offered
strong team especially in the majority
if you stay away from the punishment bank
I'm sure I can
the title defense in it
a satisfied captain at micro
mariangela your assessment for
today's game yes we it was a tough one
fight until the end hannes
stone also better cutters and know
but stayed cool
we got away from the aggressive
not even today in play
let's bring our boots there
always played at the right time
made the gates and I think deserves
won
the situation when you go to the stadium
come in and all the paperbacks because of
that probably makes you special
more or the distant view something
come up with a good mood
that is good and if in the
team or the fans against one
are then then can clean that too
push yes that's right
what do you say to ask in the finale yes so
like last year has home advantage
Although changed has changed but we
We are happy that we are against
play in the final again
can and be happy and then prepare
we are already back ahead again
finale and full throttle on
satisfied mike stewart is with me on
Microphone congratulations on the victory as is
The game from his point of view is like this
like that often we have to be completely honest
have known that frankfurts will
come out and put pressure immediately but
the boys have very quiet jonas langmann
a paste made so far and me
We think we had four breaks today
couple two against one situations though
ultimately our experience
I believe and our class has us
helped today and that is the case with the
Key to us success today
now it is in the final against again
Gegigheim this time not with Heimrecht
please no it has been damn strong
loved both times how do you estimate
This series is again as hard as
against frankfurt
of course very difficult but if in it
of ice hockey philosophy
it is also our world what please no
play against frankfurt play after North
south hockey bodyweight hockey
very aggressive much pressure bidigheimer
is open
they are very gifted they can be very
fast team frankfurt is great
and strong but not nearly so
fast as bidding home and so we have to
a few small things change with us
and then we will go on the attack
they have one with david lee
excellent player too justin kelly
both very very strong even now in the
series that will turn off I think
had with one of the key concerns male
yes, if we look at the whole thing
three rows of bidigheim at the
all very strong or run very good
talented in the defense you have
improved in this area in the
compared to the last season and it will be
Hard work but I know something
can do my boys and we will
prepare us well
During this break we will do well
mixa that was that was against it
frankfurt will enjoy the time and
analyze a few videos and we
will be ready
Two questions I still have the first
question is if usually pretty bad
was probably pretty bad too
I hope to enjoy it again soon
probably not these anymore
season hard to say
In all honesty it is possible that he
not coming back it was whole
Acting bitterly with intention
he was a concussion and came
whiplash this week will be
only more we will always observe
non stated our medical team talking
Case on the spot looked very bad
the good thing is
so played excellently today and
we have two very strong very strong
goalies still with us next question
what do you say to the window for electricity
penguins even really you always think
back and forth every two days a user in the
It is not the same in the end and we are
appreciate it a lot frankfurt
brutally loud but still you have us
our fans always heard and this
energy it is resistant against our
opponents in foreign halls and me and
all our whole team we
very much appreciate that very much